DOC: contributing guide: point users to environment file to install deps (#2284)
geopandas/geopandas: doc/source/community/contributing.rst

- Make sure that you have :ref:`cloned the repository <contributing.forking>`
- ``cd`` to the *geopandas** source directory

Using the provided environment
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

*GeoPandas* provides an environment which includes the required dependencies for development.
The environment file is located in the top level of the repo and is named ``environment-dev.yml``.

> You can create this environment by navigating to the git clone of the *GeoPandas* repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create this environment by navigating to the the *GeoPandas* source directory
```

That is in line with the wording we use above.
